## Meeting Details

- **Date/Time:** 2022/06/16 @ 16:30 UTC + 1 / 11:30 ET / 08:30 PST
- **Location:** [Discord SIG-Simulation Voice Room](https://discord.gg/QqvyuMAc9g)
- **Moderator:** Lars Gleim (lgleim)
- **Note Taker:** Lars Gleim (lgleim)
- **Agenda:** [Issue](https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/issues/11)

The [SIG-Simulation Meetings](https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the historical past calls, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.

## SIG Updates

What happened since the last meeting?

## Meeting Agenda

- Discuss new RFC about triage steps for sig-simulation - https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/issues/13
- Discuss feature grid (https://github.com/o3de/community/blob/main/features/sigjson/sig-simulation-features.json)  with new sig-simulation chairs (@epsilon-delta and @lgleim)
- Review https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/issues/12
- Updated Events in O3DE-calendar based on [poll results](https://lists.o3de.org/g/sig-simulation/message/1) and today's discussion.  
   - Weekly issue triage (30 Minutes) on Thursday, 3x at 16:00 UTC, 1x at 8:00 UTC
   - Monthly governance meeting (30 Minutes) on Thursday at 15:30 UTC
- Continuation of today's issue triage

## Outcomes from Discussion topics

* Feedback was incorporated into https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/issues/13. Approval will be revisited in the next meeting.
* https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/issues/12 was deferred to a later meeting.
* The [O3DE calendar](https://lists.o3de.org/g/o3de-calendar/calendar) has been updated to reflect the new meeting slots.

## Open Discussion Items

* Roadmap alignment
